Create libponyc-standalone on MacOS (#4303)
ponylang/ponyc: .release-notes/4303.md

> ## Enable building of libponyc-standalone on macos

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Enable building of libponyc-standalone on MacOS
```

With this change we now produce the static library `libponyc-standalone.a` also on macos.
As on osx it is hard to statically link `libc++`, it needs to be linked dynamically

> when building a final binary with this library.

Reviewer: We now ship a "standalone" version of libponyc for MacOS. libponyc-standalone allows applications to use Pony compiler functionality as a library. The standalone version contains "all dependencies" needed in a single library. On MacOS, sadly "all dependencies" means "all that can be statically linked", so unlike Linux, dynamically linking to C++ standard library is required on MacOS.

> With this change we now produce the static library `libponyc-standalone.a` also on macos.
> As on osx it is hard to statically link `libc++`, it needs to be linked dynamically
> when building a final binary with this library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We now ship a "standalone" version of libponyc for MacOS. libponyc-standalone allows applications to use Pony compiler functionality as a library. The standalone version contains "all dependencies" needed in a single library. On MacOS, sadly "all dependencies" means "all that can be statically linked", so unlike Linux, dynamically linking to C++ standard library is required on MacOS.
```
